Tracking Daily Health And Fitness Activities


1. Use Case Scenario: User creating a profile on the website.




Actors:  User, System.






Scenario/Description:




1. A user wants to create a profile on the “HealthFit Hub” website.
2. He browses the website on his internet-connected device.
3. Fill up the form to create a profile.
4. Verifies the information.




Pre-Condition: 




1. The user has access to the internet with a device.
2.  The user has a valid email ID/ phone number.
3. The user fills up the form with his name, age, weight etc.
4. Creates a password and user name to access the profile later.
5. The user doesn’t have a profile created previously.
6. The user agrees to the terms and conditions of the website.












Post- Conditions:
 
1. The user is registered on the website successfully.
2. He can log into his profile on the website later too.












Exceptions:


  
1. If the user has an invalid/duplicate email address.
2. Password strength is not good.
3. The server isn’t responding.




2. Use Case Scenario: The user wants to input health data on the website.




Actors: User, System.




Scenario/Description:


1. The user wants to track his/her miles, workout goals, and weight check on the website.




Pre-Condition: 


1. The user has an active account on the website.
2. The user has an internet-connected device.
3. The user can input the data on the website.
4. The website can track the activities.




Post-Conditions:


1. The user successfully inputs the data.
2. The website successfully tracks the activities.
3. Health data are successfully stored on the website.




Exception:


1. Insufficient data.
2. Technical glitch on the website.
3. The website is unable to track activities.










3. Use Case Scenario: The user wants to book/cancel/reschedule an appointment with a health professional.




Actors: User, System.






Scenario/Description:
         
1. The user wants to get an appointment with a doctor.
2. The user can want a specialist in any health issues.
3. The user wants to book an appointment at a particular time or wants to cancel or reschedule.




Pre-conditions:
       


1.   The user has an internet-connected device to access the website.
2.   The user has an active profile.
3.   The website’s nearby doctor/specialist list in the hospitals/clinics is accessible to the user.
4.   The user can search according to his/her needs.




Post-conditions: 
   
1. The user has successfully found a nearby doctor/specialist to help him/her.
2. The user booked an appointment with the doctor through the website successfully.
3. If the user cancels the appointment the time slot for that appointment will be free. 
4. If he/she reschedules the appointment slot changes on both the doctor's and the user’s side.
5. The user receives a confirmation regarding the appointment in any of the cases.
  
Exceptions:


1. The website fails to show nearby doctors/hospitals.
2. Invalid time slot for the appointment.
3.  The user didn’t receive confirmation/notification.










4. Use Case Scenario: Getting notifications. 




Actors:  User, System






Scenario/Description:
    
1. The user wants to have notifications regarding daily health activities/payment issues/confirmation regarding appointments from the website.
2. The user wants to be updated daily.








Pre-conditions:


1. The user successfully logs into his/her account on the website.
2. The user has an active internet-connected device.
3. The user can access the database on the website regarding health such as tracking steps, drinking water, calories burnt, etc. 
4. The user can access the payment and appointment details.
5. The user can define what notifications he/she particularly wants and doesn't want.








Post-conditions:
      
1. The user successfully gets notifications from the website on various topics.
2. The user's daily activity is well tracked by the website.
3. The user can customize which notifications he/she wants.












Exceptions:




1. Incomplete data on the website.
2. The website is unable to track activities.
3. If there is any kind of technical glitch on the website.
4. The user’s device doesn't permit the website to push notifications.
    






























5. Use Case Scenario: Billing System




Actor: User, System.




 Scenario/Description:


1. The user wants to pay bills in cash/card/mobile banking through the website for the appointments.
2. The user wants to receive a bill receipt regarding the payment.






Pre-condition:
 
1. The user successfully logs into the account on the “HealthFitHub” website.
2. The user has a payment way such as cash/card/online banking.
3. The website redirects the user to whichever method he/she prefers.






Post-conditions:


1. The user receives the payment options and selects one.
2. The user successfully pays the bill through the website.
3. The user decides how to receive the receipt of the bill.




        Exceptions:
  
1. The user clicks twice on the payment option and pays twice mistakenly.
2. The website doesn't redirect to payment getaway. 
3. Technical glitch on the website.