Tracking Daily Health And Fitness Activities


Use Case Scenario: User creating a profile on the website.




Actors:  User, System.






Scenario/Description:




1. A user wants to create a profile on the “HealthFit Hub” website.
2. He browses the website on his internet-connected device.
3. Fill up the form to create a profile.
4. Verifies the information.




Pre-Condition: 




1. The user has access to the internet with a device.
2.  The user has a valid email ID/ phone number.
3. The user fills up the form with his name, age, weight etc.
4. Creates a password and user name to access the profile later.
5. The user doesn’t have a profile created previously.
6. The user agrees to the terms and conditions of the website.












Post- Conditions:
 
1. The user is registered on the website successfully.
2. He can log into his profile on the website later too.












Exceptions:


  
1. If the user has an invalid/duplicate email address.
2. Password strength is not good.
3. The server isn’t responding.






Use Case Scenario: User setting goals and tracking them.




Actors: User, System.






Scenario/Description:
         
1. The user wants to set a weight loss goal.
2. The user wants to track workout activities.






Pre-conditions:
       


1.   The user has an internet-connected device to access the website.
2.   The user has an active profile.
3. The website’s fitness activities, exercises, and plans are accessible to the user.
4. The user has defined their fitness goals on the website.




Post-conditions: 
   
1. The user has successfully created their fitness goals.
2. The website is tracking their goals perfectly.
3. The user receives recommendations according to their activities.
  Exceptions:


1. Setting unrealistic goals.
2. Inaccurate progress tracking. The system fails to track accurate activities.
3. The system fails to track activities at all.










 Use Case Scenario: Nutritional Guidance  




Actors:  User, System






Scenario/Description:
    
1. The user wants to create a meal plan specified to his/her diet plan.
2. The user wants to track daily food intake and wants to calculate calories.








Pre-conditions:


1. The user successfully logs into his/her account on the website.
2. The user can access the nutrition database on the website.
3. The user can define his/her dietary plan and goals.






Post-conditions:
      
1. The user successfully creates a dietary plan aligned with their goals.
2. The user's daily food intake is successfully tracked on the website.
3. The user can change the diet plan according to their preferences.












Exceptions:




1. Incomplete dietary information given by the user.
2. The user didn’t provide any allergy information.
3. If there is any kind of technical glitch on the website.






Use Case Scenario: Progress Analysis




Actor: User, System.






Scenario/Description:


1. The user may want weekly/monthly/yearly progress reports.
2. The user wants to see if the targeted goals have been filled up or not.






Pre-condition:
 
1. The user successfully logs into the account on the “HealthFitHub” website.
2. The user updates and tracks his/her daily activities, and health parameters on the website.
3. The website’s progress analysis and reporting is functional and accessible to the user.












Post-conditions:


1. The user receives an analysis of his/her activities. The progress that he/she made.
2. Recommendations from the website on how to improve performance.
3. The user can adjust his/her fitness goals according to the suggestions.




       
        Exceptions:
  
1. Insufficient data for analysis.
2. Technical glitch on the website.